family very good how are you today 8
that I record the video with a very
soft and very weak tone because I am
hoarse that's why you are indirect and with
less content than necessary okay because
I am almost voiceless but I didn't want to
leave you without the gossip maybe I'll give it a go
and open an ASMR channel which I think is the one I'm
missing Hey the other day at the
fair many ladies stopped me and
told me that they watched my live shows and my
videos to sleep I don't know if that was a
compliment as they were trying to say
something well you know that in these days
Marta has
been completely ridiculed with all this spectacle that she has put on with the supposed call from Rocío Carrasco through the light phone pliego I'm not going to go into the subject in depth in this video because we are going to talk about something else that has been collateral damage but basically Marta has completely ridiculed not only
herself but also Antonio David
who has been standing up for her and
has put his hand in the fire for what
Marta was saying the thing is that
this has  served to give charge to the
television factory and to
discredit Antonio David again and everything
around him because as this has been
shown that apparently Marta was
lying although part of it does seem to be
the truth But the big focus was
lying she has assured and assured
and assured that she had spoken with Rocío
Carrasco and that she had something up her sleeve
that she has not pulled out three
four days have passed and she has not pulled it out in fact what she
has said in the last hours is that she is
going to take it all because of the legal issue or in other
words this is a headlong escape and
a cheap excuse to say that she has no
proof one has nothing to
report nor do you have anything to sue in
the fact that you are arguing about whether he
called you or not he called you you
are not accusing each other of a crime you are
insulting us there is nothing to sue there in other words there is
nothing to take to
court It is simply an excuse that she
is giving to hold on to the fact that she is not going to
show any proof as if to say let's
see if as the months go by people will
forget and she is using this
save me as  Burning nail to say
that just like this everything that
Rocio Carrasco has said since last year
is completely true And everything that
Antonio Navi and his entire environment says is
completely false, obviously that is
an absolute fallacy because one
thing has nothing to do with the other, I already
said it from the beginning of the
documentary, surely to get to the
truth you have to take a little bit of one
and a little bit of the other because in the end
everyone lies, I have already caught
everyone lying, both Rocio
Carrasco and Antonio David and Olga
some as we have surely
caught some from Rocio Flores here the
question is that none of them tell 100% the
truth 100% none of them each one sweeps
for their own terrain you have to be objective and when it comes to
analyzing each thing trust the one who
lies less and draw our
own conclusions What happens is that
sálvame has become like a
kind of feminist association fan of
Rocio Carrasco and that absolutely everything
the goddess says must be taken to the
altar and absolutely it is not like that and well
all this movement in the end  the other day
it led to a
rather intense face-to-face battle between Rosito and Marta
López Marta López has been
Olga Moreno's fellow survivor and they
have also forged a beautiful friendship Marta
López has been quite objective on the
subject of the documentary she has given points in
favor to Rocío Carrasco but she has also
given her negative points this one that I am
going to put is the clip where I
consider that everything explodes there are several
heated points of the discussion that we are going to
see in this video but we are going to
take this point as a reference it is
worth
saying calm down calm down the one
from Malaga and the being be she is your friend
don't be her friend of yours They are the same
I want you all to always be aware of the
tone that Rocío Carrasco uses you can
notice a superiority you can notice that she
knows that right now in the
television factory She is some kind of boss I do not
understand why I know that in the
sentence that the television factory has still won it is
discovered that there was
an out-of-court agreement in which
Rosito and Fidel agreed to drop all
lawsuits and all compensation from
all members of  the
television factory in exchange for the entire Roy Excel
documentary but of course we're a
year later and the
authority of Rocío Carrasco is still being imposed and
everything she says is as
if it were a divine precedent or something like
that that we should have more
appreciation and more respect than any other
human being and she can allow herself to
address others like that, not with that
tone I'm fed up with you I am
more than you even though some points
seem a little vulgar to me and a
little to be respectful here the thing
that Marta López holds
Antonio David responsible for some things that they are
debating on this program such as
the fact that the child was
registered in Malaga without
the mother's permission which you tell me what permission you
need from the mother of a mother who does
n't want to know anything about her children but oh
well here The fact is that they blame Olga
because she is married to Antonio David to
which Marta would respond that the things
that Antonio David does do not have to
be all Olga's fault So it's true
that being objective I agree
a little  in the way of thinking that
when a person has been married to another for
so long and sleeping Under the same
roof in the same bed as a man a
little bit in personality yes they have to
resemble or at least
they do agree on many things but well
each one in the end has their opinion and if
Marta wants to defend the position that
the guilty one and the responsible one is Antonio
David then it can be debated with
respect
that you have known her for three quarters of an
hour I have been dealing with the bug for 20
years with the bug eh pay attention here what she
mentioned well I would
like you to treat her with
respect sorry sorry sorry
eye Sorry of course she
uses the term bug to refer
not only to Antonio David but
also to Olga when Marta asks for a little
respect when referring to Olga
a little more the
collaborators and the presenter eat it eh Because
the presenter even demands at one
point the program that she Excuse me
Marta with rosito eh listen to me everyone to
me that we all treat each other with
respect You know how much I would like to have been
treated with respect  and
that I had not been supplanted as a
mother,
crazy, but what Marta
López is saying is not outrageous. I mean, let's
imagine that Rocío Carrasco was
completely right, which she is not in everything she
is saying about her story from the
documentary until today. Even if you were
completely right. And those people
had behaved horribly with you, like the
devil himself, maybe, and perhaps maybe
if you start resorting to
disqualifications of that level, you'll be
a little on the same level as what you're
saying about them. I mean, I don't want you to
misunderstand me, but if we're supposed to be
fighting against a person who,
according to you, has mistreated you, has
insulted you and such, referring to his wife
as the bug is what you're supposed to be
defending. Save me, the feminism
that Irene Montero is supposed to be supporting.
There are many Carrasquista people who
are justifying insulting
Olga because Olga would have made
statements like this. No, Rocío
Carrasco has not paid any of
her children's support and honestly, according to various
media outlets, this is not  It is not only
objective information but
also that she will soon have a trial where they
are asking for jail time that she will not
go to jail of course because she
has no prior record because it would be a very
light sentence if she were convicted but in the
end Olga Moreno is her experience from
her point of view and by the way speaking
of Olga's interviews pay attention to this
clip what Jorge Javier lets out of that
little mouth and she remains so calm that
Olga Moreno feels like she is on a set with people who
know the story with people who know the story
and who can ask her
questions that Olga Moreno feels like
man Of course
Olga Moreno doesn't have it without vetoing anyone and that
people who know
the subject well can ask her questions I mean you have to have
balls Jorge Javier you have to have
balls when you put rice
only that you can ask her
questions that are good for her but
the moment that she has people who
question her like Gema López
Marta López or Matamoros she eats it with
potatoes I mean I would love For
example if you let me interview
Rocío Carrasco and put on the table
some of the  contradictions that I have
tasted from the documentary or for example
interviewing Carlota Corredera at
least and I heard literally No
you literally
fire people from work if they don't
dance to your tune and if they don't level the
table of the 10 commandments everything that
Rocío Carrasco says And on top of that you continue
making a joke and a meme of a
woman telling another that she doesn't have a [ __ ]
like she doesn't have a [ __ ] to confront
her this I want to remember that in the
trial it came up because Rocío
Carrasco said something like that she was
about to go to Olga eh watch out I
also want to remind you a little bit of
some clip of how Jorge addressed
Marta López for having tried to
defend Olga Moreno's position on some occasion
Marta Sorry it's very difficult it's very
difficult to talk to a person who
responds with such simple arguments I
couldn't finish
no no sorry he's talking to us
about that girl it's that you can't be so
ridiculous imagine a presenter
humiliating his collaborators like that But anyway
let's move on if you don't mind the
part of the fight that we  it's not going to leave you
indifferent at all It's not that it's not that it's not that no
but you can say whatever
you want and they're going to say no and they're
going to invent
3,500 things Although they are seeing it that it is
no but it's because it has
happened to me for 20 years this is
where they are going to use the fallacy as
in this occasion they have been able to demonstrate that
Marta riesgo had a lie despite
remember that it is true that
the reading director for some reason
was trying to propose something with
Rocío Carrasco and even have a coffee
with her that the lie here is that
Rocío Carrasco does not speak directly with
Martha disco and Marta dieco locked herself in
defending that yes
Rocío Carrasco got on the phone with the hands-free and it has been
proven that it was a lie but
with that Rocío Carrasco is going to take it
as that everything everything everything all these 20
years everything that the others have said is a
lie and she is completely true and I
tell you with issues much more important
than with a miserable story and with a sheer nonsense
like this but if with
this it would be the  what a mess has gotten into, imagine.
Well, I said this yesterday with an issue about
my children, about an issue about my children, it says
about your children, we don't question what
happened 10 years ago with your daughter, what
we're saying is not that what happened didn't happen,
saying that the girl was 14 or 15
years old at the time, a
difficult adolescence, and that a decade has passed and the
girl hasn't had a similar episode again,
that you could forgive her if she
wanted to, and the other thing we're
saying is that with your son, he gives us a
valid explanation for why you don't want
contact with him, a judicial issue or
an issue with papers or an issue that
when I said, I don't know what's going to
happen to me tomorrow, I didn't know what was going to
happen to me the next day, but it was because of this,
because everyone is seeing it
now and is experiencing it, thank God,
because it can be proven, and because it
can be done in real time, that's what
I've been experiencing for 20 years, but
Rocío, it seems to me that because in this
case I'm right, of course it's been
proven, just as you've been able to prove it on other occasions, I
don't mean
that you have  the absolute reason
Forgive me for what I have said you say on
other occasions you can prove it what
Marta has done is the most logical thing in the
world So the fact that she is right on this one does not
invalidate all the other occasions and pay
attention to the response that Rocío gives you
what I have said everything that I have not is on
other occasions you have been able to no what I have
said I have proven what is going on with your
head what has happened well stick your
head out it seems that I am in the square
of my neighborhood I am telling you that clearly
she has proven everything that she has said
and the truth is that no, she has not
proven the episode of The Fence, she has not
proven that Antonio hit her there was
a beating in sand, she has not proven
that he insulted her every time he was going to give
the children back, she has not proven
many of the accusations of infidelity
that Antonio has made against her, she has
shown us almost 60 70 percent of
what is said in the documentary, that is to say
literally, not being the most objective,
there are things that we do not have to believe
supposedly only and purely because
she says it crying, that is to say literally No, she
has not proven everything, there are things that they
simply want to impose, no that  we don't
believe her because a woman
crying says so, there's no more and that little tone with her
head is unnecessary for a woman who is
doing her job and is giving her opinion with
all the right about a docuseries that
you have made for which you have charged a
fortune and that gives people the
right to question it, to believe it, not to
believe it, I have
seen almost everything, María,
there are things that don't seem right to me, even though I have
seen it in particular, I don't
remember exercising their right, it's not that
people are telling her, no, no, that's
because you haven't seen the docuseries as if
watching your series purifies you, I mean,
they treat watching the docuseries as
if it purifies you And then you
understand it, all because Rocío says so and maybe
some evidence hasn't seemed to me
because you say something that is
green listen to me, I'm not saying that I
demonstrate that it may seem to you
yes or no, just as right now there are
people saying that if the images
are not yes, yes, yes, no, it's not the
same as there are things that she has said
solely because of her testimony, that I with
this type of issues and with this  type
of moves they're doing as you
're seeing in this clip what they do
or what they're trying to do And they'll surely
succeed with a lot of people we're
talking about an audience that believes things like
Sálvame is putting it in people's
heads repeating it As many times as you
make it a reality as they
internalize it Although anyone who has
seen the docuseries would say for sure
everything that Rocio Carrasco has said
always but always or rather no like in
some Yes in others no Well there will be times when
a little bit yes there will be times when a
little bit no no no that they always
internalize the people who watch Sálvame
that everything that Rocío
Carrasco has said on some occasion is right and
that everything that has been said against
her that she has already shown that she
is not the father of Luis Pliego I want to say
what hasn't been told to you
about the things that haven't convinced me
okay I'll prepare it and the next one
but about Marta things but about good things
but about things that haven't convinced
you for example with the subject of the
crazy children I'm saying to me  It still
seems like Carrasco was a person who
prioritized her new life with her new
boyfriend over motherhood and despite
that, time has passed and she can't give
her daughter the same place she did a decade ago
because of what happened. There are many parents who have gone
through worse episodes with their
children but with the passing of the decades, I
mean, with the passing of the decades, I think
that the same thing happens and it still
seems to me that with her son she has
no excuse because her son hasn't given
any valid arguments in fact on
Sálvame they prohibit the question, that's why
Marta López, who knows that the contract
will have a clause that says he can't
stray from the path, isn't
asking him what we're thinking, all no no Sorry, sorry.
She's talking
about different
judicial things, they are that she has lost all the
trials. I mean, she won things about
custody, she wins a thing about
custody because Antonio and she signed
an agreement of shared culture
when Antonio Vicky did is to do that
once she had reached an
agreement with her, she couldn't but what are
lawsuits for the right to honor and things
against Antonio Navi, she hasn't won, now she
won a lawsuit  against honor against
Massiel I think it was later in the
documentary he mentions another lawsuit that he
filed here as Matamoros and he doesn't say that he
lost it, his Carrasco lost it in the
documentary he says that he filed it but he doesn't
say that he lost it and with Olga Moreno he has
also lost all the lawsuits
because every time I have spoken about
something she has proven it another thing is for her to
explain herself she
continues to affirm that every time she has
spoken she has been able to prove it that no, that they
are lies that you do not internalize
something to people that is not true I
understand that Marta López is not going to
respond to this because she is risking her
job. Even
presenters have gone, well, not dancing to
Rocío Carrasco's tune, but the thing is that not
everything about the fence has been proven, not
what happened in Argentina has been proven,
some infidelities have not been proven, no insults to
picking up the children either and a lot
of completely subjective and
blinded things. Even in the reports
that are talked about in the documentary, which are
simply the word of one against the
other, close to situations, she
has been able to prove everything, no, sincerely,
okay, okay. That's it, okay, let people
stay with this and  Now pay attention to the
foolishness of Maria Patin
and I don't know, I examine Marta here, I don't
know, as if she were a teacher, as
if this were a subject, you know, where they have to
pass a test with
others and they don't think like them, not a
single concrete piece of information, not a document, not
Maria, calm down, you've already earned the
position they gave you a throw on
May 29, 2021 because you had the
exact opposite opinion on the set itself, on
the set itself where you are now, there
betting your life, you had the exact
opposite opinion, but they gave you a little tug
on the ear and you have a good position, not
only are you a collaborator on Sálvame,
but sometimes you present and you
are also a presenter on socialite,
therefore, you are not going to gamble, don't
worry, you've already earned it and
now comes a part with the shirt and my
balls fell to give you an
idea and because maybe you didn't know
something Moreno No, I didn't know her at all
in the first interview that they do the
deluxe we told her like that, grandma pen, we have told
her six lies  told without
lies confirmed eh confirmed by
him confirmed because he feels like it
let's see the six
lies he will be able to tell mass six lies
Well, I am not lies that have
been absolutely confirmed that have been
absolutely
let's see what the six lies are
the child is in Malaga admitted and the
mother arrives five days later after her
daughter called her several times
Rocío Carrasco has demonstrated with
hotel bills with calls that this
is a lie only with
hotel bills but yes I can buy this one
in this one yes I think that Olga lied I don't know if
consciously or thinking or that she was
wrong Because she didn't remember well
but it is true that Olga and Antonio
lied Because they also said that
Rocío Carrasco arrived after New
Year's Eve to Malaga after coming from Rocío
and the fact is that Rocío is not celebrated at
Christmas and in winter, Rocío is
always celebrated in summer And yes it is
true that Rocío Carrasco showed the
bill from the hotel near the hospital
where they live in Malaga that she was
there since she found out and that it is true that
the best comes someday
after the child is admitted but at the
moment when it gets serious this is
being objective So it is true that
later in another episode of the other admission it
is Rocío Carrasco who lies and then
shorty Rosa they release some emails that
completely deny what Carrasco
in the documentary but with respect to the
admission of Malaga sincerely
based on the invoice if you want the
truth Rocío Carrasco but it is what I
tell you some lie about one thing and others
lie about another or they exaggerate with malice
because they do not remember or whatever but you have to
take a little bit of everything
to get to the truth what
these people do is that with one lie or
several they cover up the lies of the other
party for example here is what I tell you
Rocío Carrasco lied saying that she had not
spoken with the child I do not know what I do not
remember and Ana Rosa released
an email the next day where it was shown
that Rocío Carrasco was informed at
all times Well now holding on to
this Jorge Javier is going to tell you that she
is  confirmed all the other things
or in court lies
Exactly that where it is proven
that is the word of one against the
other I have heard another version
never from her children badly of Rocio Carrasco they
tell me that and Rocio tells how in
the documentary her son David when he
appears the hospital says see how my
mom was really going to come Rocio tells
but it is not proven and also the fact that the
child takes it and says see how my mom was really
going to come does not mean that they
spoke badly about his mother at home
perfectly They could have been
preparing the child in case the mother did not
come there are children well we do not know if
mom is going to come we will see if she comes Oh
yes she is going to come yes she is going to come
well hopefully she comes we will see but if she does
not come Nothing happens something like that and that the
child says look as if she is going to come only
speaks badly of her I mean we are taking for
granted and proven something that is
not like that
the first chapter
Olga who was like she was with her children
because the children
very well
Rocio Carrasco can raise her tone as much as she
wants hit the
table and whatever she does  missing because she is
our empowered goddess But you
said one thing Sorry sorry
a slap Jorge is this what we are going to
listen to now
Moreno what you told him after having
seen what you had seen there is
not that you are wrong It is not worth it you
know when I felt the most sorry do you
want me to tell you When I talk to
your children that is when I felt the most sorry for
the response that Rocío
Carrasco gives to this an answer with a lot of
class of the penis in my life I do
not sing to you here long live the neighborhood for you
because I have no voice but olé that art and
nothing family leaves me the video here
because I have no more voice I am going to shut up
for 24 hours and if tomorrow I have a
decent voice I will bring you the
next video about Johnny Depp and
Andrea if I have not gone
completely silent already a lot is what you would like I
want to clarify that I have nothing
against Rocío Carrasco or against
anyone I simply try to be as
objective as possible and I do not like these people
sincerely I do not like it is the
current way that you have put me
in the comment box what do you think
of course Always with respect and us  we
see in the following video
[Music]